Milestone # 1: Added Constraints layout for calculator UI and styling separated values for light and dark theme added originality constraint where during the first 2 seconds it will show hello curtney. I decided to make it this way for it to serve as my unique or special constraint. Basically a little nametag for me. What i did was just added a delay timer and basically right after onCreate and everything has been saveInstanceState, it shows "Hello Curtney" as a nametag that I made this calculator. Also the most tidieous part was to put put every button/strings used on the string.xml, and made the Linear Layout in the activity_main.xml. I did ths because there should be no hard coding where you hardcode the value within the Business logic or Java code.

<BR><BR>
Milestone # 2: Added the math logic and zero division handling. In this part I added onClickListeners on each button and then for the operators added switch cases on their respective logic as to how they work like minus is to subtract plus is to addition and etc. I also added the zero division handling which anything that is divided with zero it would create an error and as for mine it would specifically say "Cannot Divide by Zero." The only problem with this is that I wasn't able to show both the operators and operands as an expression which is better readability but I wasn't able to implement it because of time. Also, I haven't thought of it.

<BR><BR>
Milestone # 3: Created SaveInstanceState everytime the phone rotates. Also added my unique opration constraint. At first, when i open the calculator and then flip its orientation it goes back to displaying the hello curtney or startUpMessage again. So what i did was during OnCreate it would already save all of the instances so that after the startUp message it would no longer pop-up Regardless if you have inputted something or not. With this being said also added my unique operation which is to multiplay it with the last 3 digits of your StudID and following a 2 decimal value placement(4.08). Which in my case is i initiated it in the string.xml 20103408. I also added it in the calculator displaying my ID number for reference. I basically just formatted it the same way as the operators since it acts the same as them where you multiplay it but with a unique constant which is the last 3 digits of my studID.

